Clarification about reuse of TLS in V<->W (#67)
lake-wg/authz: draft-ietf-lake-authz.md

V MUST then perform an EDHOC session over the TLS connection proving to W the possession of the private key corresponding to CRED_V.
Performing the EDHOC session is only necessary if V did not authenticate with CRED_V in the TLS handshake with W.

> Since the relationship between V and W is long-lived, it is RECOMMENDED to establish the TLS connection once and reuse it for multiple VREQ/VRES exchanges.
> While a policy for renewal of the TLS connection should be applied, it is out of scope of this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relationship between V and W is long-lived.  HTTP/1.1 and higher support persistent connections, and SHOULD be used in order to reduce overhead if a flood of new devices need to be onboarded.  Support for TLS session resumptions tickets {{RFC8446, Section 2.2}} is appropriate for longer term associations.
While a policy for renewal of the TLS connection should be applied, it is out of scope of this document.
```

{Do we really need to say anything?  This connection between non-constrained systems on non-challenged networks should not be controversial}
